README.md, before:

# JOLT Benchtop Power Supply

<!-- TOC -->

- [JOLT Benchtop Power Supply](#jolt-benchtop-power-supply)
  - [What is this?](#what-is-this)
  - [Parts](#parts)
  - [What's next?](#whats-next)
  - [Contact Me](#contact-me)

<!-- /TOC -->
## What is this?
 
My attempt at making a small variable power supply. Because sometimes you want your adjustable power supply, but don't want to work too hard for it. [^1]
 
 
[^1]: Corny af. [See why!](https://amzn.to/3gnkHUb)
 
## Parts

| Name | Cost [^2] | Per Assembly |
| --- | ----------- | --- |
| 3D Printed Enclosure[^3] |  |
| [UCTRONIC DP50V5A Adjustable Power Supply Module](https://amzn.to/34FX7Q8) | 35.98 | |
| [WX-DC2416 36V 5A Switching Power Supply](https://amzn.to/3GvGlQN) | 21.29 ||
| [LM2596 DC-DC Step Down Buck Converter](https://amzn.to/3rCgMcN) | 15.99 | 1.60 |
| [IEC 320 C14 Panel Socket](https://amzn.to/3guENvC) | 8.69 | 2.90 |
| Total | 81.95 | 4.5 |
Per Assembly Total | | 77.45 | 


[^2]: At the time, duh.
[^3]: Etsy Page Coming Soon! Sign up to get notified [here](https://forms.gle/KtF2VuANfnq3saW86).
 
 
## What's next?

- Slightly polishing up V0
- A new version that requires less screws to assemble.
  - Two piece interlocking<sup>?</sup> 
- Customizations/Options
- Maybe a single print, cheapest, most low effort frame to get the functionality of this 
  - Literally be the cheapest frame possible for a bench top power supply.

## Contact Me
I like this enough to maybe trying to scale this if there's enough demand. 

[Here](https://forms.gle/nS2JpwYrKor3e34L8)

Commit message:

Consider screws in parts table

README.md, after:

# JOLT Benchtop Power Supply

<!-- TOC -->

- [JOLT Benchtop Power Supply](#jolt-benchtop-power-supply)
  - [What is this?](#what-is-this)
  - [Parts](#parts)
  - [Made with](#made-with)
  - [What's next?](#whats-next)
  - [Contact Me](#contact-me)

<!-- /TOC -->
## What is this?
 
My attempt at making a small variable power supply. Because sometimes you want your adjustable power supply, but don't want to work too hard for it. [^1]
 
 
[^1]: Corny af. [See why!](https://amzn.to/3gnkHUb)
 
## Parts

| Name | Cost [^2] | Per Assembly |
| --- | ----------- | --- |
| 3D Printed Enclosure[^3] |  |
| Screws | ? | ? |
| [UCTRONIC DP50V5A Adjustable Power Supply Module](https://amzn.to/34FX7Q8) | 35.98 | |
| [WX-DC2416 36V 5A Switching Power Supply](https://amzn.to/3GvGlQN) | 21.29 ||
| [LM2596 DC-DC Step Down Buck Converter](https://amzn.to/3rCgMcN) | 15.99 | 1.60 |
| [IEC 320 C14 Panel Socket](https://amzn.to/3guENvC) | 8.69 | 2.90 |
| Total | 81.95 | 4.5 |
Per Assembly Total | | 77.45 | 


[^2]: At the time, duh.
[^3]: Etsy Page Coming Soon! Sign up to get notified [here](https://forms.gle/KtF2VuANfnq3saW86).
 
 ## Made with

- Tevo Tarantula
- Inland PLA
- Random 

## What's next?

- Slightly polishing up V0
- A new version that requires less screws to assemble.
  - Two piece interlocking<sup>?</sup> 
- Customizations/Options
- Maybe a single print, cheapest, most low effort frame to get the functionality of this 
  - Literally be the cheapest frame possible for a bench top power supply.

## Contact Me
I like this enough to maybe trying to scale this if there's enough demand. 

[Here](https://forms.gle/nS2JpwYrKor3e34L8)
